add reference to custom DNS config (#1327)
knative/docs: docs/install/getting-started-knative-app.md

   helloworld-go       helloworld-go.default.example.com
   ```

>    > Note: Knative installation use the default domain `example.com` if you want to use a custom DNS domain please refer to this [installation guide](./docs/serving/using-a-custom-domain.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   > Note: Knative uses the default domain `example.com`. If you want to configure a custom DNS domain, see [Using a Custom Domain](./docs/serving/using-a-custom-domain.md).
```
